hey guys get him in here where we were
at the fourth bus in icecrown citadel as
you can see his name is deferring or
saurfang and i will just go over the
basic tactics for this bus now the way
this encounter works def bring yourself
Fang works with blood power now that
means with every attack or ability that
he does he will gain blood power and if
he reaches under blood power he will put
a mark on somebody but I will explain
that shortly now the first abilities
that he does are for an instance boiling
blood that's what you just seen on me to
read below is a you will basically boil
your blood it's easily healable so I
don't worry and the ads that you see
here you need to DPS them down really
fast and you also can't let them hit you
because if they hit you he gains blood
power and that's not good now what else
oye will also do blood Nova blood Nova
is actually he does it only on the melee
so you you can try to run away if he
does that we tried it here and it didn't
really work so yeah but you can try what
else does he does we had a mark so if he
gains 100 blood power he will put a mark
on you it's called mark of the Fallen
champion it's a dot that we will place a
new that will take it for very very hard
so it's really hard to heal and if you
die from the dot deathbringer saurfang
will be healed for quite a high amount
so yeah DPS I'm done really fast and he
also goes into a frenzy when he reaches
I guess it's about twenty percent or
something
so that's basically what the abilities
are for more info you might want to
check whoa wiki or what's the other cult
low heat or something and I'm just gonna
let the music play now now I almost
forgot to say you need to keep at least
12 yards distance from each other so
just type / range and keep keep 12 yards
why am I saying that you may not have
seen it or you might have seen it if we
stand too close to each other that's for
the range and the healers the basket
instead of one blood power he gets to or
if you stand really too close he gets
three or even more and then then you
really screwed so watch out for that
you